Clarify usage of the ImageFilter API for fragment shaders. (#12522)
flutter/website: src/content/ui/design/graphics/fragment-shaders.md

### ImageFilter API

Fragment shaders can also be used with the [`ImageFilter`][] API.
This allows using custom fragment shaders with the
[`ImageFiltered`][] class or the [`BackdropFilter`][] class
to apply shaders to already rendered content.
[`ImageFilter`][] provides a constructor, [`ImageFilter.shader`][],
for creating an [`ImageFilter`][] with a custom fragment shader.

> Fragment shaders that use the [`ImageFilter`][] API must have
> at least one sampler2D uniform value and at least one vec2 uniform value.
> The sampler2D uniform value at index 0 and
> the float uniform values at index 0 and 1
> should not be set in Dart.
> These values are automatically set to contain
> the filter input image and the image size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fragment shaders that use the `ImageFilter` API receive some
values automatically from the engine. The `sampler2D` value at index 0
is set to the filter input image, and the `float` values at indices 0
and 1 are set to the image's width and height.
Your shader must declare values to accept these values (for example,
a `sampler2D` and a `vec2`), but you should not set them from your Dart code.
```
